Justin Salcedo

-Web Development and Design-

Who's JS?

"Live to Serve, Web to Sell"

Get a free quote

(442) 217-7562
-Websites/-Marketing plans/-Free consultations

Services Portfolio Contact

Anthony Landscape

A classic but elegant design for a landscaping contractor. "The Interactive Flyer", we call it: just the worth message, stunning fonts and call-to-action.
-One-page landing website
-Responsive design, speed-dial button
-Interactive portfolio gallery
URL: https//justinsalcedo.github.io/Anthony-Landscape

SOMNIA
Casual design for casual hobbies. A tablegames online store with minimalistic style and funny animations.
-E-commerce optimization
-Paypal payment integration
-Newsletter suscription form
-Social Media channels
URL: https//justinsalcedo.github.io/Somnia

This page (duh...)
Obviusly, this website itself is part of my portfolio. Did this need a longer review?
(Just kidding, I'mma fill this remaining space with my coming-soon web project)
URL: [R U serious?]

Landing page and brochure design
-For small and medium business-

Original page design
Code/Sketch/Licensed images
Custom logo and theme
Responsive design
Interactive portfolio
Contact forms
Speed-contact buttons

Additional services:

Domain search list and registration
Hosting management plans
Custom business e-mail address
Social Media integration
SEO, Marketing and sales funnels
Technical support

Starting at $199
*90-days money-back guarantee, have chill!

Planning
Tell me your needs and I'll give you multiple design options. Or provide me templates and examples. Don't worry, I'm gonna craft it just how you imagine it.

Design
The State of Art comes. I build the website sketch from scratch and offer you several versions to check appealing and make corrections.

Development
From canvas to code: the tech integration starts and I report you periodical updates and whenever you need-to-know.

Support
After I test it, you test it. If there's nothing to fix, let's launch!
I'll provide you free technical support and consultation for next 3 months.

It's me, Justin Salcedo
Hey there! Did you know that you can automate whatever you want?
This and other interesting facts were things I learned being as curious as always.
Writing my first code line at 13 and solving problems since I can think, my web development career hasn't been terrifying hard but also briefly passionate.
Programming principles, hybrid tools, own methods, and tons of coffee are some of my cornerstones to build up the most trustable service in the guild.
"Never stop learning" = my flag in this 3-years long road. The results? Nothing to regret about.
And now we (you and me) can bring real solutions to life. Live to serve!
-Front-end developer
-SEO and Marketer
-UI/Graphic Designer
-Researcher and Trend Analyst
-Copywriter and Blogger

You ask me for code, I offer you a brand

Get a free quote
(number)

Email:
nitsuj162114@gmail.com

Network

Or contact me here
Name
County
Email
Phone
Leave your message
Submit

Quote of the day:
Drink orange juice. Healthy for your brain's lactobacillus.
-GRGE

Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Espaniol
&copy Justin Salcedo Web Services